CLAIRE NAMUSOKE
STUDENT



DETAILS	
Bremerhaven, Germany
+4917626044083
clairenamusoke1 @gmail.com

LINKS
Power Bi GitHub LinkedIn
Stream lit

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
MS Office Power Bi
Python
SQL
Git


SOFT SKILLS
Analytical thinking Attention to details Ability to work in multicultural teams.

Strong communication


LANGUAGES
German – B2
English – C1  



PROFILEI am an enthusiastic and initiative-taking student currently pursuing a degree in International Shipping and Chartering with a keen interest in data and analytics. My strong interest in data driven development is complemented by background knowledge in personal data analysis projects, allowing me to ensure efficient data flow and create insightful dashboards. This experience has enabled me to leverage data for actionable insights and foster a deeper understanding of business intelligence environments 
EXPERIENCESupply Chain Analyst	Blue Water Breb, Cuxhaven       Jan 2024 - July 2024
Supported the Logistics team with data integration, validation, and monitoring of supply chain systems.
Collaborated with Agency staff to align analytics findings with day-to-day freight forwarding operations. Supported in management, planning, and optimization of organization processes.EDUCATION
International Shipping and Chartering	Hochschule Bremen	Germany 2023 — Present
Uganda Advanced Certificate of Education K. Garden Groove College	Uganda 2016 — 2017
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Shipping’s Impact on Climate and Sea Levels
Extracted and merged multi-source datasets using Python (Pandas, Requests), followed by exploratory and in-depth analysis to uncover key insights.
Built an interactive Stream lit dashboard to visualize metrics and integrated the OpenAI API for smart, natural-language insights.
Version-controlled the entire project and published the full codebase and documentation on GitHub
 
Global Crude Oil Trade 
 Cleaned and prepared raw data using python to ensure accuracy and structure for analysis.
 Conducted data analysis and developed an interactive dashboard using stream lit.
 Integrated OpenAI to provide enhanced insights and improve interpretability of the dashboard.
Published the project on GitHub for version control and code documentation.

Covid 19 
 Used SQL to clean, query, and transform raw data into structured tables and prepare the data for analysis.
Used Dax to build custom measures and compute KPIs to enhance analytical depth of the report.
 Ensured an efficient data flow to support data integration and visualization and created insightful reports using power Bi tools.



COURSES AND CERTIFICATIONSSupply Chain management and Analytics	Coursera Introduction to Data Analytics	Coursera
SQL	Udemy
Power Bi	Udemy
